detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a sensual thriller film
called
the handmaiden spoilers ahead watch out
and take care
the imposing footsteps of marching
soldiers echo through the little korean
village
small children playfully follow the
platoon of soldiers marching in the mud
the soldiers scare the children away and
they run screaming in the rain
in that same korean village a woman
named sookie is chosen to be a
handmaiden for the wealthy lady hideko
sookie bit her family goodbye and
proceeds to leave for the hideko's
residence
after many hours sookie finally arrives
at the estate late at night
an elderly woman named miss sasaki
greets her and she primes sookie on her
duties and how she'll be serving the
lady of the house
lady hideko her bed space is directly
adjacent to lady hideko's quarters
because
as miss sasaki explains lady hideko can
become quite frantic at night
just as miss sasaki had warned lady
hideko lets out a hysteric outburst
screaming through the night the loud
screech wakes sookie prompting her to
quickly attend to lady hideko
the lady is confused at first but sookie
explains that she's the new maid
to explain her terrors lady hideko tells
her that a long time ago
her aunt hung herself on the cherry tree
outside of that very room
with lady hideko pointing towards the
tree sookie goes to the window to look
at
her focus breaks however when lady
hideko lets out another blood-curdling
scream
eventually sookie manages to calm her
down by lying beside her and singing her
a lullaby
at this point sookie recalls the events
that transpired before that evening
she and her gang of con artists were
approached by count fujiwara
who is a korean con man posing as a
japanese cow
fujiwara was scheming to steal lady
hideko's inheritance by marrying her
then admitting her to an insane asylum
afterwards
for this he hired sookie to be his
accomplice she was to take the role of
lady hideko's personal maid so she can
gently persuade her to marry an elope
with him then
fujiwara will give sookie a share of the
money once the scheme is accomplished
but fujiwara wasn't the only man who had
his eyes set on the lady
he explained that hideko lives with her
uncle kozuki a korean man who helped the
japanese take over korea in exchange for
a gold mine
now kozuki mainly used his wealth to
feed into his unhealthy obsession with
rare books
because of this he intends on marrying
his own niece-in-law
so he can continue to fund his fixation
with rare books
he added that hideko reads her uncle's
books aloud for his guests during his
book readings
which gives her headaches to this he
tasked sookie with helping hideko
prepare for those readings
back at the estate sookie gazes upon her
mistress's face properly for the first
time
sookie is completely taken aback by her
beauty which she couldn't fully
appreciate the night before since it was
too dark to see
then lady hideko asks sookie to read the
recommendation letter that she brought
with her
though sookie attempts to comply she
eventually gives up and admits that she
doesn't know how to read
lady hideko doesn't mind her illiteracy
and she even says that she doesn't mind
if she curses or steals
instead she firmly tells sookie never to
lie to her
when sookie agrees lady hideko shows
sookie a picture
of her mother and the two begin to get
even more acquainted
then lady hideko leaves for reading
practice instructing sookie to pick her
up by noon
with her mistress gone suki takes
liberties to cycle through lady hideko's
belongings
marveling at the luxury and the
grandiosity of the items
when it's time to pick up her mistress
sookie is startled to see lady hideko
sitting on the floor across a black clad
man with white hair
suddenly the man warningly shouts the
word snake to sookie
and sookie screams in horror when a
snake statue appears in front of her by
the doorstep
league hideko quickly pulls a lever
causing a steel gate to emerge from the
doorstep and keeping sookie from coming
inside
with count fujiwara set to arrive in the
afternoon suki gives lady hideko a bath
hideko sits in a tub while sucking on a
piece of hard candy that sookie gave to
her
sookie lovingly bathes her and she even
calls hideko her baby
hideka then complains that her tooth is
sharp and that it's hurting her
sookie leaves the room and returns
shortly after with an object in her hand
she puts her thumb inside hideko's mouth
and chisels the sharp tooth
the moment is sensual intimate and
sookie starts feeling nervous while her
admiring gaze travels over lady
hidayka's figure
in turn lady hideko softly touches
sookie's elbow while her thumb remains
in her mouth
but their heated moment comes to an end
as sookie breaks from the spell
and she continues with lady hideko's
bath to prepare her for her meeting with
account
when count fujiwara arrives he goes to
greet lady hideko and suki
after their first encounter they retreat
to their respective rooms for a brief
respite for the upcoming dinner
at this time count fujiwara summons
sookie into his room
where the two of them briefly meet for
their ongoing operation
afterwards sookie returns to her
mistress while bearing count fujiwara's
gift
earrings made of blue spinel sookie
dresses lady hideko in a white dress
along with the earrings that fujiwara
gave her
with sookie following lady hideko to the
dining hall she stands in awe while
marveling at the ladies beauty
that evening hideko decides to play
around and dress sookie in one of her
gowns
hideko comments that when she's all
dressed up sookie looks just like a lady
herself
they share a laugh but when their
playful laughter had died down
the two women undress each other slowly
both of them heavy with desire
the following day sookie accompanies
hideko while waiting for the count and
their 2pm art class
that morning though the account was also
making fake books in the library for the
unknowing kozuki
while hideko's frantically and excitedly
waiting for fujiwara to visit her
sookie starts feeling sorry that
hideko's putting her hopes up on a
scoundrel like him
finally 2pm comes but the count's yet to
make his appearance
this leaves hideko scuffling through the
room repeatedly checking and arranging
things for the count's visit
when sookie checks outside the room she
sees the count taking his time with a
cup of tea while he's making hidek away
suki angrily motions him inside the room
so they can finally begin their art
class
it ends up being slow and awkward the
count keeps going on with his pedantic
ramblings while he deco paints
these phony remarks are all too apparent
to sookie and they even made her scoff
then that count abruptly ends the
session early much to hideko's
disappointment
one day suki accompanies lady hideko for
a stroll through the woodsy area of the
estate
when lady hidako asks about sookie's
mother she reveals that
much like hidekozan her mother was
hanged except she didn't do it to
herself
then lady hideko tells sookie that her
mother died giving birth to her
and it's always made her feel guilty
since it felt like she strangled her
mother herself
placing her hands on hideko's face
sookie assures her that no baby is ever
guilty for being born
her mother was lucky to have her before
she died and she had no regrets
but what sookie is telling hideko was
her mother's very own words to her
and she told sookie that before she was
hanged for several crimes
afterwards sookie briefly leaves
hideko's side to pick up some mushrooms
as sookie leaves the cow appears and
joins lady hideko
sometime later sookie returns from
mushroom hunting
only to be surprised when she discovers
that lady hideko is already inside the
house with the count
from outside the window sookie spots the
count flirting with and touching lady
hideko
the sight sends sookie in a jealous rage
and she throws the tray of wild
mushrooms on the ground before storming
towards her room
the following day suki follows the
couple for a day of landscape painting
they walk side by side while sookie
follows closely behind them while
carrying their painting equipment
looking back at sookie fujiwara orders
her to retrieve the oil paint they have
left in the house
she rushes back to the house but when
she returns to them
she is startled to see fujiwara and
hideko kissing passionately while hideko
sat on fujowara's lap
stunned sookie could only stare at lady
hideko's eyes
her gaze filled with betrayal hideko
stares back at sookie with a look of
guilt written on her face
that night sookie lays as she tries to
convince herself to let go of her
feelings for lady hideko
instead she attempts to focus on the
money she'll receive once they've
accomplished their goal
suddenly hideko's bell rings violently
getting louder and louder each time she
pulls on the string
sookie is slow to respond still rattled
by her own vicious jealousy and
unshakeable feelings of love
eventually sookie enters the room hideko
ushers her to her bed
ordering her to sleep there that night
hideko admits that the count had
proposed to her
but she was having doubts the count
scares her he gives her the same feeling
of alarm
like how someone would jerk their hand
away from a hot stove on reflex
finally hideko confesses that she's as
innocent as a child
and she even starts asking what men want
understanding what she's getting at
sookie pulls out a piece of hard candy
and sucks on it coating her lips and her
mouth with the flavor
sookie moves her lips directly against
lady hideko's lips and motions it's side
to side
though she's flustered lady hideko still
licks sookie's lips slowly and with much
indulgence
dazed by the candy's flavors in sookie's
mouth hideko lovingly sucks more of it
from her lips and tongue still
pretending to teach her about making
love
sookie repeatedly demonstrates to hideko
how the count would do it with her
she kisses hideko and touches her where
she wants to be touched
soon enough the two women finally give
in and they make love passionately in
the night
the following day fujiwara holds another
art session with lady hideko
suki sits meekly in one corner while
fujiwara fondles hideko
uncomfortable with the count's advances
lady hideko wrestles against him
he then hands sookie a coin sending her
away so that he can be alone with hideko
suki makes her stand and refuses to
leave the room which angers the cow
sookie and fujiwara meet outside of the
house where he scolds her for her
actions
after some back and forth they both calm
down and sookie reminds the count not to
push lady hideko too hard
later that evening league hideko asks
suki whether she should go through the
marriage or not
sookie feigns excitement and encourages
lady hideko but this only leads to lady
hideko feeling betrayed by her false
feelings
she ends up slapping sookie repeatedly
and pushing her away
in the end lady hideko goes along with
the marriage provided that sookie comes
with them to japan
the end of the count scheme is nearing
and the three of them escape to japan
the count and the lady are wed and for
the following week
they reside in a traditional japanese
home day and night
the women are left in the house while
the count spends much of his time
arranging the papers and certificates to
receive hideko's inheritance
finally after a week the count arrives
at the house with a bag of cash for
sookie
the final phase of the plan is now about
to commence two men come in from the
local asylum
and they start to interview sookie about
lady hideko
one day the three of them drive to the
local asylum
sookie expecting hideko to be taken in
is surprised when the nurses begin to
restrain her instead
in a sly active betrayal the count and
hideko accuse sookie of being the mad
countess
framing her as delusional and believing
herself to be a handmaid
as sookie is taken to the asylum in
hideko's place she realizes that hideko
wasn't so innocent after all
many years ago hideko lived in their
estate with her uncle kozuki and her
aunt
hidako was subjected to several years of
physical and psychological abuse by her
uncle
and the book readings she had were
actually for obscene and perverse
literature
kozuki had groomed her to read these
books aloud in a sensual manner even
from an early age
one evening a young hideko was being
frightened by miss sasaki
but her aunt intervened as she was the
only one who was kind to hideko
during one of their reading practices
kozuki told hideko that she had insanity
in her blood
and he goes on to describe and detail
the many unethical practices of the
asylums at the time
those horrid descriptions to stressed
hideko's aunt she got up from the table
and fled to the exit
but miss sasaki pulled the lever to shut
the gate one evening
hideko stumbled inside the room where
her aunt read her uncle's lewd novels
aloud
several men in black suits sat there
listening to the obscene stories
and hideko's aunt was in the middle of
the stage doing her best to smile for
hideko
but she was breaking apart on the inside
the following morning
hideko's aunt hung herself from the
cherry tree years later
hideko took the role of the explicit
novel reader much like her aunt before
her
she sat in a traditional japanese outfit
in front of her uncle's guests
even going so far as to demonstrate one
of the lewd positions depicted in the
novel using a wooden puppet
it was a perverse and even cruel scene
to take part in and hideko participated
in it against her will
in one of the readings count fujiwara
appeared in the audience
meeting hideko and her uncle for the
first time after convincing kozuki to
grant a dinner with him and his niece
count fujiwara set up a secret meeting
with hideko
during the night fujiwara admitted his
scheme to him he knew that she was not
the type of woman that could be seduced
so instead of seduction he decided to
strike a deal with her she was to split
her inheritance with fujiwara
and in exchange she'll be taken away
from her abusive uncle
still hideko wasn't entirely convinced
she was worried that her uncle would
find them and take them to the basement
when fujiwara asked about the basement
she explained that when people are
hanged
their tongues stick out and their feces
are expelled but when they found her in
her mouth was shut and her bottom was
clean it turns out that her uncle had
taken her to the basement to torture her
after she tried running away
and a sick man told hideko in detail
what he did
so for his wedding gift fujiwara offered
her a vial of poison so that if ever
hideko's uncle found her
she wouldn't have to be subjected to
cruel torture for hideko's final
suggestion
she proposed to take a gullible maid to
send to the mad house in her name in
order to throw off her uncle
soon it is revealed that while sookie
thought she was tricking hideko
the lady had her own scheme in place she
took advantage of sookie's illiteracy to
exchange letters with fujiwara
and she made sure to put up an elaborate
act so that sookie would remain
unsuspicious
finally during the night that they had
made love lady hideko changed her mind
about her plans
and she realized that she truly loved
sookie in a whirlwind of torrid emotions
lady hideko pulled out her rope and
tried to hang herself with the cherry
tree
however sookie was able to stop her at
the last minute
it was at this time that lady hideko
told sookie the whole truth and that she
was being tricked by fujiwara as well
to fight for their happiness the two
lovers hatch the plan of their own
suki wrote a letter to her crew of
thieves and con men to help them with a
plan
before they departed for japan suki
discovered the perverse materials that
hideko was forced to read
sookie destroyed all of the books in a
fit of rage ripping
slashing and ruining each one before
finally drenching them in water
after leaving sookie in the asylum count
fujiwara and lady hideko convene at a
nearby restaurant
hideko asks fujiwara if he pities sookie
but he says he doesn't
meanwhile at the asylum a fire breaks
out causing a panic in the cafeteria
suddenly sookie's crew emerges while
disguised as firemen
they maneuver to assist sookie in her
escape later at the hotel
hideko places the poison the count gave
her in a glass of wine
she then visits the count in his hotel
room under the pretense of making love
to him
there she successfully gets the count to
drink the wine
he passes out before he could have his
way with her true to their arrangement
hideko goes to meet up with sookie
meanwhile they had some thugs take count
fujiwara directly to hideko's uncle
together with a letter explaining the
true identity of the false count
because of his deception kozuki subjects
fujiwara to gruesome
torture during this time fujiwara
requests to smoke his own blue cigarette
before his death
as the count lights his second blue
cigarette he reveals to kozuki that the
cigarettes are laced heavily with
mercury
so before kozuki manages to dismember
fujiwara completely
fujiwara gets to kill kozuki and himself
as a last-ditch effort to stave off any
more torture
in the end sookie and hideko escape to
shanghai
china where the two of them finally live
in peace
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching